Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D'S."
MC: WELCOME BACK
FOR OUR SECOND SEMIFINAL DUEL!
NOW ENTERING THE ARENA,
THE DUELING DETECTIVE:
COMMANDER KODA...
AND HIS OPPONENT:
THE MAGICIAN WITH THE MOVES,
THE PRESTIDIGITATOR WITH
THE PLAN: THE BLACK ROOOOOSE!
Akiza: I ACTIVATE BLACK ROSE
DRAGON'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
[ROAR]
[GASP] THAT'S WHAT
I WAS WAITING FOR!
NOW MY EQUIP SPELL ACTIVATES!
SHE'S A SIGNER!
EXCELLENT.
3 DOWN AND ONLY
2 MORE TO GO.
A NICE SPELL...
BUT I STILL HAVE MY TRAP CARD:
ROSE CURSE!
MC: IT'S OVEEEEEER!
THE BLACK ROSE IS OUR WINNER!
Koda: I DIDN'T
SEE THAT COMING...
MC: SHE'LL MOVE ON TO THE FINALS
TO TAKE ON YUSEI FUUUUUUDOOOO!
THAT BLACK ROSE
IS A ONE-WOMAN
WRECKING MACHINE!
YOU'RE TELLING ME.
TONIGHT'S MATCH
MIGHT BE MY MOST
DANGEROUS DUEL YET!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
MC: WHAT AN AMAZING DUEL
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
AFTER PICKING APART
COMMANDER KODA,
THE BLACK ROSE
WILL NOW BE MOVING ON
TO FACE THE SATELLITE'S
VERY OWN YUSEI FUDO
IN THE FORTUNE CUP'S
FINAL BATTLE.
WHO WILL WIN, WHO WILL GO HOME,
STAY TUNED TO FIND OUT...
EVERYTHING OK,
AKIZA?...
I'M FINE.
YOUR ARM!
YOU ALSO HAVE A MARK?!
STAY AWAY FROM ME!
SO WHAT'S YOUR DEAL
WITH THESE MARKS
OF OURS?
WHEN YOU SAW MINE
THE OTHER DAY...
YOU REALLY
FREAKED OUT.
YEAH WELL, THIS MARK
HAS BROUGHT ME
NOTHING BUT PAIN,
SO WHAT GOOD CAN COME FROM
HAVING ANOTHER ONE AROUND.
YOU GOT THAT?
IT'S DANGEROUS.
SO JUST KEEP AWAY.
Leo: YUSEI!
Luna: THERE
YOU ARE.
WE NEED YA' TO SETTLE
AN ARGUMENT, WHO...?...
THE WITCH!
Yusei: LEO...
SHE'S NOT A WITCH.
Leo: SORRY, FORCE OF HABIT.
Lazar: WHAT'S GOING ON
BACK HERE,
EVERYBODY GETTING ALONG NICELY?
QUITE THE DUEL JUST NOW,
MISS AKIZA, VERY IMPRESSIVE.
BEFORE THE FINAL ROUND
GETS UNDERWAY...
DIRECTOR GOODWIN
HAS A FEW THINGS
HE'D LIKE TO TALK
TO YOU ABOUT.
I'D SAY MORE,
BUT IT'S CONFIDENTIAL.
WHY DON'T YOU COME WITH ME
AND WE'LL...
AKIZA MUST REST.
AND YOU ARE...?
DON'T PLAY DUMB
LAZAR.
YOUR REPUTATION
PRECEDES YOU.
WE BOTH KNOW
YOU DON'T
LIKE SURPRISES
SO LET'S NOT
WASTE TIME
PRETENDING
YOU HAVEN'T
DONE YOUR
HOMEWORK
LIKE I HAVE.
[CHUCKLES]
STAY WAY FROM AKIZA.
AND TELL
THE DIRECTOR
SHE'S NOT INTERESTED
IN WHAT
HE HAS TO SAY.
NOW EXCUSE US.
WELL, THE DIRECTOR WILL NOT
BE PLEASED WITH THIS AT ALL.
WHAT'S THE STORY?
GOODWIN... WHAT'S HE WANT
WITH AKIZA?
DID YOU NOT
GET THE MEMO?
I COULD HAVE SWORN WE MEANT
TO KEEP YOU POSTED.
SO SORRY ABOUT THAT...
THAT AKIZA
CREEPS ME OUT.
SHE SEEMS SO SAD...
SOMETHING WRONG?
UM...
MY ARM KINDA STINGS
OR SOMETHING...
WHENEVER THAT GIRL
LOOKS AT ME...
I FEEL ALL WEIRD
AND STUFF.
Sayer: AKIZA,
ABOUT EARLIER...
LOOK, IT'S JUST...
WE'VE EXPOSED THE MOVEMENT
BY COMING
TO THIS TOURNAMENT,
AND PEOPLE WILL
WANT TO KNOW MORE,
WE KNEW THAT RISK
GOING IN TO THIS.
IN FACT
CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS
MIGHT CONTINUE
TO APPROACH YOU
AND TRY TO PRY
INFORMATION FROM YOU.
Akiza: OK, BUT...
I CAN SPEAK FOR MYSELF.
I DON'T NEED YOU
TO BABY-SIT ME
OR ANYTHING, SAYER.
I'M NOT GONNA
BETRAY THE MOVEMENT
IF THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT.
YOU GUYS ARE LIKE
MY FAMILY NOW.
NO ONE COULD EVER MAKE ME
TURN AGAINST ALL OF YOU.
I'M SO RELIEVED
TO HEAR YOU SAY THAT.
GOODWIN AND HIS PEOPLE
ARE PART OF THE ORDER
OF ILLIASTER,
A GROUP SEEKING
TO RESURRECT A FORCE
KNOWN AS THE CRIMSON DRAGON.
IF ALLOWED TO RETURN,
THE DRAGON
WILL BRING THE WORLD
TO ITS KNEES.
THAT'S WHERE WE COME IN...
HE WHO RULES THE SKY
HAS GIVEN THE MEMBERS
OF THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
SPECIAL POWERS...
WE ARE HIS CHOSEN.
WE WILL STOP GOODWIN
AND LEAD THE WORLD
DOWN THE RIGHT PATH.
SOUNDS LIKE A GOOD TIME.
YES, WELL,
SPEAKING OF TIME...
IT'S ALMOST TIME
FOR YOUR DUEL WITH YUSEI.
HE MIGHT BE
A MEMBER OF ILLIASTER,
WE'RE NOT SURE YET.
EITHER WAY, IT IS CRUCIAL
THAT YOU DEFEAT HIM.
ONCE YOU GET THROUGH
THIS SATELLITE,
YOU CAN BRING
JACK ATLAS TO HIS KNEES.
AND THEN THE CROWD'S JEERS
WILL CHANGE TO CHEERS,
AND OUR TIME
WILL FINALLY COME.
YOU'RE READY, AREN'T YOU?
OF COURSE.
[THINKING] AND MAYBE THEN
I CAN RID MYSELF
OF THIS POWER I POSSESS...
WHY DID THIS MARK CHOOSE ME?
WHAT DID I DO TO DESERVE IT?
I MUST FIND A WAY
TO RID MYSELF OF ITS CONTROL
BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!
[THINKING] AKIZA...
WITH THE POWER OF MY DECK,
I KNOW I CAN HELP YOU OVERCOME
THE HATE AND ANGER YOU FEEL...
BUT FIRST I HAVE TO FIGURE OUT
WHY YOU DON'T WANT TO BE HELPED.
YOU SAY YOU'RE AFRAID OF ME
BECAUSE OF MY MARK...
BECAUSE YOUR MARK HAS
CAUSED YOU NOTHING BUT PAIN.
BUT WHATEVER THESE MARKS ARE...
THEY CONNECT
ALL OF US SOMEHOW...
AND I'M SURE
GOODWIN KNOWS WHY.
AND SOMETHING TELLS ME THOSE
CHARACTERS WHO HANG AROUND YOU
KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON, TOO.
EVERYONE IS OUT
TO USE US SOMEHOW
AND WE CAN'T LET THAT HAPPEN.
WE'VE GOTTA COME TOGETHER...
LIKE A TEAM OR SOMETHING.
THAT INCLUDES YOU, AKIZA...
I NEED TO USE
OUR DUEL TO REMOVE
THAT MASK
YOU'RE HIDING BEHIND...
BUT IN ORDER TO DO THAT,
I HAVE TO FIGURE YOU OUT,
WHO YOU ARE,
WHAT MAKES YOU TICK...
I DON'T WANNA
HAVE TO GO FULL FORCE...
BUT IF IT MEANS
TEARING DOWN THAT WALL
YOU'VE BUILT AROUND YOURSELF,
I'LL DO IT.
AND THEN... AFTER THIS BATTLE...
I NEED TO GET JACK
ON OUR SIDE TOO...
IT'S TIME SAYER.
IF YOU FIND YOURSELF
AT A POINT
WHERE YOU FEEL LIKE
YOUR POWER IS
GOING TO TAKE OVER,
JUST REMEMBER THAT
THIS ENERGY STABILIZER
IN YOUR HAIR
WILL LIMIT YOUR POWERS...
THE FATE OF THE WORLD
IS IN YOUR HANDS...
WE'RE ALL COUNTING
ON YOU AKIZA...
WHAT ABOUT MY MASK?
TAKE IT BUT
YOU WON'T NEED IT.
BEAT THE FREAK!
THIS IS A TOURNAMENT,
NOT A CREEP FEST!
NOBODY LIKES YOU, WITCH!
MY GOODNESS... THEY SAY
SUCH MEAN THINGS.
WHY ARE THEY SO CRUEL?
SHE'S JUST A CHILD.
PEOPLE DON'T UNDERSTAND
HER SPECIAL ABILITIES,
AND WHEN PEOPLE
DON'T UNDERSTAND
SOMETHING THEY SEE,
THEY TEND TO BE
AFRAID OF IT.
SO... IF EVERYONE'S
SO AFRAID OF HER,
WHY ARE THEY HERE
TO WATCH HER DUEL?
THAT'S EASY LEO...
THEY'RE ALL HOPING
THAT SHE'LL LOSE.
SEE WHEN PEOPLE ARE
AFRAID OF SOMETHING...
THEY DON'T LIKE
TO BE ALONE
SO SOMETIMES
THEY'LL BAND TOGETHER
HOPING TO SEE
THAT SOMETHING FEEL BAD
WHICH MAKES THEM
FEEL GOOD.
WOW, TALK ABOUT SEEING
THE GLASS HALF EMPTY TANNER.
Lazar: I TRIED TO BRING
THE GIRL TO YOU, DIRECTOR,
BUT THAT ARCADIA BUNCH WOULDN'T
LET HER OUT OF THEIR SIGHTS.
THEY MAY PROVE TO BE
A PROBLEM DOWN THE ROAD.
Goodwin: HMPH!...
I'M NOT WORRIED
ABOUT THOSE DELUDED FOOLS.
IT'S NOT LIKE THEY HAVE
VERY MUCH INFLUENCE.
STILL... THEY DID MANAGE
TO MAKE HER THEIR PUPPET.
THE SITUATION IS IRONIC
IF YOU THINK ABOUT IT.
THE BLACK ROSE IS A MEMBER
OF THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT
OPPOSES US.
AND YET, SHE'S
GOING TO DO US A FAVOR.
ACCORDING TO
ZIGZIX'S READINGS,
SHE'S MORE THAN CAPABLE
OF GETTING YUSEI
TO REVEAL HIS TRUE POWER.
THAT BEING SAID...
I DO HOPE YUSEI MANAGES
TO WIN THIS DUEL.
I WANT TO SEE IT, LAZAR.
DON'T YOU?
DON'T YOU WANT TO SEE
JACK'S RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
CLASH WITH YUSEI'S
STARDUST DRAGON AGAIN?
I WANT TO WITNESS THE ENERGY
SUCH A CLASH CREATES.
I WANT TO FEEL THE POWER.
HUH! I'LL MAKE YOU FEEL
SO MUCH POWER,
YOU WON'T BE ABLE
TO HANDLE IT.
[THINKING] YUSEI...
YOU MAY THINK YOU'RE
AN INCREDIBLE DUELIST...
BUT THIS BLACK ROSE
HAS A POWER
UNLIKE ANYTHING YOU'VE
EVER ENCOUNTERED...
SO BE SURE
NOT TO LOSE,
'CAUSE I WANT
TO SEE GOODWIN'S FACE
WHEN I USE THE DRAGON'S
POWER FOR MYSELF...
YEAH...!
IT'S FINALLY TIME
FOR THE FINAL!
THE WINNER OF THIS NEXT MATCH
GETS TO GO ON
TO THE ULTIMATE SHOWDOWN...
A ONE-ON-ONE
NO-HOLDS-BARRED DUEL
WITH THE MASTER OF FASTER
HIMSELF... JACK ATLAS!...
OUR FIRST FINALIST
IS THE MYSTERIOUS
BLACK ROSE... AKIZA!
[CROWD BOOING]
GO HOME, WITCH!
YOU'RE GONNA LOSE,
YOU FREAK!
MC: CHALLENGING HER IS
THE SHOOTING STAR FROM
THE SATELLITE SECTOR...
YUSEI FUDO!
COME ON, YUSEI!
YOU CAN DO IT!
BRING IT ON!
THIS'LL BE EXCITING.
BE CAREFUL.
VERY CAREFUL.
[THINKING] SO YOU'RE
SCARED TOO, KURIBON?...
SOMETHING BAD IS GOING
TO HAPPEN, ISN'T IT?...
[THINKING] AKIZA...
THIS IS OUR MOMENT.
SEIZE THIS OPPORTUNITY
AND INTRODUCE THE WORLD
TO THE TRUE POWER
OF THE ARCADIA MOVEMENT.
MC: EVERY CARD HAS LED US
TO THIS MOMENT!
THE FINAL ROUND OF THE FORTUNE
CUP IS ABOUT TO BEGIN!
Both: LET'S DO THIS!
MC: AND NOW... GET READY
FOR THE FINAL ROUND
OF THE FORTUNE CUP!
HOPE YOU'RE READY!
THE FIRST MOVE IS MINE.
I DRAW.
I SUMMON WALL OF IVY
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT I PLACE
ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
MY MOVE THEN.
AND I COUNTER
BY PLAYING
SPEED WARRIOR
IN ATTACK MODE.
ON THE TURN
SPEED WARRIOR
IS SUMMONED,
ITS ATTACK POINTS
ARE DOUBLED.
SPEED WARRIOR SHRED
THAT WALL OF IVY!
YOU HAD BETTER
BE CAREFUL YUSEI,
BECAUSE WHEN MY
IVY WALL IS DESTROYED
ONE OF MY IVY TOKENS
TAKES ROOT
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD.
MC: WE'VE SEEN THE BLACK ROSE
USE THIS STRATEGY BEFORE...
IT REALLY CREATED PROBLEMS
FOR COMMANDER KODA
AND SIR RANDSBORG.
WHAT KIND OF HAVOC
WILL SHE WREAK ON YUSEI!?
THESE COULD BE
A PROBLEM...
IT'S YOUR MOVE.
YOU'RE TOO KIND.
NOW THEN.
REMEMBER THAT LAST ROUND?...
WHEN I SUMMONED WALL OF IVY
ONLY TO HAVE YOU TEAR IT DOWN
WITH YOUR SPEED WARRIOR?
WELL, I'M PLAYING
THE CURSED IVY TRAP CARD
TO BRING MY
WALL OF IVY BACK.
IN CASE YOU CAN'T TELL,
I'VE GOT KIND OF A GREEN THUMB.
OH AND BY THE WAY,
I REALLY SHOULD THANK YOU,
'CAUSE CURSED IVY GETS
POWERED UP BY MY IVY WALL...
SO NOW IT'S STRONGER
THAN IT WAS BEFORE.
[THINKING] I KNOW
WHAT SHE'S DOING...
SHE'S TRYING TO INCREASE
THE NUMBER OF IVY TOKENS
ON MY FIELD.
'CAUSE WHEN THAT LITTLE
SPROUT GETS DESTROYED,
I'LL TAKE 300 POINTS
OF DAMAGE
AND IF SHE GETS MORE
ON MY FIELD...
YOU GONNA
STAND AROUND AND THINK
OR ARE YOU GONNA DUEL?
IT'S BEEN A RELATIVELY
MELLOW DUEL SO FAR...
EVEN THE CROWD SEEMS TO HAVE
SIMMERED DOWN A BIT, BUT...
COULD WE SIMPLY BE EXPERIENCING
THE CALM BEFORE THE STORM?
AND I'M SENDING
SPEED WARRIOR
TO MY GRAVEYARD...
IN ORDER
TO SUMMON
MY TURRET WARRIOR!
AND DUE
TO MY TURRET'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
IT NOW GAINS
THE ATTACK POINTS
OF MY SPEED WARRIOR.
LOOKS LIKE
YOUR WALL OF IVY
IS ABOUT
TO GET UPROOTED!
AND IT LOOKS LIKE
ANOTHER IVY TOKEN
IS ABOUT TO SHOOT UP
ON YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD.
TURRET WARRIOR ATTACK!
BY DESTROYING
MY WALL OF IVY,
YOU'VE ALSO TAKEN OUT
THE CURSED IVY TRAP CARD.
AND WHEN MY CURSED IVY
IS SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
IT SUMMONS 2 MORE IVY TOKENS
TO YOUR SIDE OF THE FIELD...
[THINKING] MAN,
THESE THINGS
ARE GROWING
OUT OF CONTROL...
YOU GOT ANYTHING ELSE
FOR ME?
NO... I'M DONE FOR NOW.
THAT'S DISAPPOINTING.
I DRAW!
AND FROM MY HAND...
I'M ACTIVATING
THE SEED OF DECEPTION
SPELL CARD.
Duel runner computer: SEED OF
DECEPTION IS A SPELL CARD
THAT LETS YOU SPECIAL SUMMON
A LEVEL 2 OR BELOW
PLANT TYPE MONSTER
FROM YOUR HAND.
Akiza: SO WITH THE POWER
OF THIS SPELL CARD
I SUMMON OUT DARK VERGER
IN ATTACK MODE.
BUT NOW I'M GOING TO DO
A LITTLE LANDSCAPING
TO MAKE ROOM
FOR SOMETHING STRONGER...
I ADVANCE SUMMON
ROSE TENTACLES
IN ATTACK MODE!
THE BEST THING
ABOUT ROSES
IS THAT THEIR THORNS
ARE AS DANGEROUS
AS THEIR PETALS
ARE BEAUTIFUL
AND YOU'RE ABOUT TO EXPERIENCE
THAT FIRSTHAND!
GO ROSE RETALIATION!
MC: YUSEI ONLY TOOK 100 POINTS
OF DAMAGE FROM THAT ATTACK...
BUT I'VE GOT A FEELING
THE BLACK ROSE'S STRATEGY
IS ABOUT TO BLOSSOM
INTO SOMETHING
FAR MORE TERRIFYING...
THAT ATTACK WAS
JUST THE BEGINNING,
SO GET READY FOR MY ROSE
TENTACLES' SPECIAL ABILITY
TO SQUEEZE YOU
INTO SUBMISSION...
NOW YOU TAKE DAMAGE FOR THE 4
IVY TOKENS ON YOUR FIELD!
THIS MIGHT HURT!
THAT'S SOME MOVE.
SO SHE'S GONNA
ATTACK, 4 TIMES?
THIS IS THE PART OF THE BATTLE
THAT I ENJOY THE MOST
BECAUSE NOW I GET TO WATCH
THE POWER OF MY ROSE TENTACLES
AND IVY TOKENS
BLEED YOUR LIFE POINTS DRY.
MC: INCREDIBLE!...
AKIZA'S MANAGED TO PLANT
4 IVY TOKENS
ON YUSEI'S FIELD...
WHICH MEANS SHE CAN UNLEASH
A QUADRUPLE DOSE OF DESTRUCTION.
AND WITH EACH ATTACK,
YUSEI'S GONNA TAKE
600 POINTS OF DAMAGE...
WOAH, IT LOOKS LIKE THE FANS
ARE RUNNING FOR THE EXITS,
AND WHO COULD BLAME THEM,
ESPECIALLY AFTER WITNESSING
THE BLACK ROSE'S
DESTRUCTIVE POWERS
IN HER LAST 2 DUELS.
I WOULDN'T WANT TO BE
IN YUSEI'S BOOTS RIGHT NOW.
OH, NO...
WELL, GUYS...
NICE KNOWIN' YA.
WE SHOULD TAKE COVER!
LET'S SEE IF PEOPLE KEEP
PICKING ON ME AFTER THIS...
GET READY YUSEI!
HERE'S ONE MORE!
ATTACK!
Lazar: WE FINALLY HAVE SOMEONE
WHO CAN PUSH YUSEI
TO HIS LIMITS!...
I'M GETTING SOME POPCORN.
ANYONE INTERESTED?
[THINKING] THAT'S RIGHT,
AKIZA...
TAKE ALL THAT LONELINESS
AND SUFFERING YOU'VE ENDURED...
USE IT... THERE'S
NO NEED TO BE AFRAID...
IS HE OK?
[THINKING] PLEASE...
HANG IN THERE, YUSEI...
YOU'RE NOT
GIVING IN YET?...
WELL!...MAYBE THIS'LL
CHANGE YOUR MIND?!
[THINKING] I DON'T EVEN THINK
SHE CARES ABOUT WINNING...
THERE'S SOMETHING ELSE
DRIVING HER...
I KNOW THE WORLD
HAS BEEN CRUEL TO YOU
BECAUSE OF THE MARK
YOU HAVE AKIZA
BUT YOU HAVE TO REALIZE
THAT RETALIATING
WON'T DO ANYBODY ANY GOOD...
I'M GOING TO ENJOY THIS...
NOW ATTACKKKKK!
LOOK AT YOU UP THERE.
HOPELESS AND ALONE.
NO ONE CAN HELP YOU,
AND NO ONE WANTS TO.
NOW YOU KNOW
WHAT IT FEELS LIKE
TO BE ME IN THIS
CRUEL COLD WORLD.
[THINKING] SHE'S SMILING;
SHE'S ACTUALLY
ENJOYING MY PAIN...
MC: WHOA!...AKIZA'S ATTACK
HAS THE STADIUM IN PANIC!...
THE PLACE IS
IN COMPLETE CHAOS...
JUST LIKE WE THOUGHT,
AKIZA IS...
A WITCH...
IT'S TRUE.
THAT GIRL'S
A WITCH!
CHEATER!
SHE'S DANGEROUS!
AKIZA...
I WANT TO HELP YOU.
I WANT TO BE YOUR FRIEND
AND I'M GONNA USE
EVERY CARD I HAVE
TO PROVE IT TO YOU.
AND I'LL START
BY PLAYING
SHIELD WARRIOR
IN DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT, I PLACE
2 CARDS FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
I THINK I UNDERSTAND
IT NOW...
WHAT MAKES
YOU TICK AKIZA...
BECAUSE OF
ALL THAT PEOPLE
HAVE PUT YOU THROUGH...
YOU ENJOY IT.
ENJOY WHAT?
YOU ENJOY
PEOPLE'S MISERY.
YOU LIKE
HOW IT MAKES
PEOPLE FEEL.
YOU LIKE
HOW IT MAKES
YOU FEEL.
YOU'RE RIGHT...
AND FOR THE REST
OF THIS DUEL...
I REALLY PLAN
ON ENJOYING MYSELF...